README.md, before:

windows_sharepoint

This is the windows_sharepoint module.

##Module Description

This module allow you to manage user and group in SharePoint 2013. Allow you to install and configure SharePoint 2013
You can found this module on the forge [jriviere/windows_sharepoint](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/jriviere/windows_sharepoint) or on [GitHub](https://github.com/insentia/windows_sharepoint)

This module use the [AutoSPInstaller Project](http://autospinstaller.codeplex.com/) to install and configure SharePoint. v3.96 (6 July 2014). This version have been modified to run with puppet.

All password will be automatically fill if you use Windows AD module and his XML file. The windows_ad module can be found in forge [jriviere/windows_ad](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/jriviere/windows_ad) or on [GitHub](https://github.com/insentia/windows_ad)

The account used for installing SharePoint must be Admin local at least on each server, and SQL sysdbo or at least have SQL DB Creator and security admin rights
Tested with :
	SharePoint Foundation 2013 SP1
	SharePoint Standard 2013 SP1
	SharePoint EnterPrise 2013 SP1

This module is only compatible with SharePoint 2013.
Only tested with puppet agent 3.6.2, Windows Server 2012 R2


##Last Fix/Update
V 0.0.5 :
 - Add support for SharePoint Standard and Enterprise
 - Update ReadME
 - Add warmup resource
 
###Setup Requirements
Depends on the following modules:
	- ['puppetlabs/powershell', '>=1.0.2'](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppetlabs/powershell),
	- ['puppetlabs/stdlib', '>= 4.2.1'](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppetlabs/stdlib)

##Usage

##SharePointInstall
Class windows_sharepoint :
Permit installation of SharePoint

	class{'windows_sharepoint':
	  languagepackspath     => "C:\\source\\LanguagePacks",   # path where we are going to take the updates and put them in the correct folder for autospinstaller (not yet implemented)
	  updatespath    		=> "C:\\source\\Updates",         # path where we are going to take the extracted languagepacks and put them in the correct folder for autospinstaller. (Works)
	  sppath             	=> "C:\\source\\sharepoint.exe",  # path where we will find the exe file of sharepoint Foundation
	  dbserver           	=> "SQL_ALIAS",                   # the alias created by autospinstaller
	  dbaliasinstance 		=> "COMPUTERNAME",
	  setupaccountpassword  => "P@ssw0rd",
	  spfarmaccount         => "spfarm",
	  spapppoolaccount      => "spapppool",
	  spservicesaccount     => "spservices",
	  spsearchaccount       => "spsearch",
	  spcrawlaccount        => "spcrawl",
	  spsuperreaderaccount  => "spsuperreader",
	  spsuperuseraccount    => "spsuperuser",
	  spsyncaccount         => "spsyncaccount",                  # Mandatory with Standard and enterprise
	  spusrprfpassword      => "spusrprfaccount",                # Mandatory with Standard and enterprise
	  spexcelaccount        => "spexcelaccount",                 # Mandatory enterprise
	  key                   => "SYOUR-PRODU-CTKEY-OFSPS-2012S",
	  passphrase            => "P@ssPhrase@2014",               #SharePoint Farm PassPhrase.Must be at least 8 charaters with upper character, lower character, numbers, specialcharacter (3 of this 4 categories)
	  webappurl             => "https://localhost",
	  applicationPool       => "Default AppPool",
	  webappname            => "WebApp",
	  webappport            => 443,
	  webappdatabasename    => "Default_ContentDB",
	  siteurl   		    => "https://localhost",
	  sitecolname  		    => "Home",
	  sitecollcid			=> "1033",
	  sitecollocale 		=> "en-us",
	  sitecolowner  		=> "spfarm",
	}

Parameters:
```
	$removedefaultwebapp         # If set to true this will delete the default created webapp
```
##webapplication
Ressource windows_sharepoint::webapplication :
Permit installation of SharePoint

	windows_sharepoint::webapplication{"default - $webappname":
	  url                    => "http://localhost",
	  applicationpoolname    => "AppPool_TestPuppet",
	  webappname             => "Test Puppet",
	  databasename           => "SP2013_Content_TestPuppet",
	  applicationpoolaccount => "s-spapppool",
	  ensure                 => present,
	  usessl                 => false,
	  webappport             => 6789,
	}

##user
Resource: windows_sharepoint::user

	windows_sharepoit{'SQLServer':
	  username   => "Jerome",
	  login      => 'jre',
	  group      => "SharePoint Owners",
	  weburl     => 'https://sharepoint/sites/jre',
	  admin      => true,
	}

Parameters:
```
	$username         # Fullname of the user
	$login            # SamAccountName
	$weburl           # URL of the site where we want to add user
	$group            # Group name where we want put the user
	$admin            # Is SiteColAdmin ? Default : false
```

##SP Group
Resource: windows_sharepoint::group

````
	windows_sharepoit{'SharePoint Owners':
	  group           => "SharePoint Owners",
	  weburl          => 'https://sharepoint/sites/jre',
	  permissionlevel => 'Full Control',
	  ownername       => 'jre',
	}
````
Parameters:
```
	$weburl           # URL of the site where we want to add user
	$group            # Group name where we want put the user
	$permissionlevel  # Permissions for the group Full Control|Edit|Contribute|Read|Design
	$ownername        # Owner of the group
	$description      # group description
```

##webapplication
Ressource windows_sharepoint::services::reporting :
Allow installation and configuration of SharePoint reporting service integrated mode
```
	windows_sharepoint::services::reporting{"Reporting":
	  databasename    => "ReportingServicesDB",
	  databaseserver  => "SQL_ALIAS",
	  serviceaccount  => "spservices",
	}
```
Parameters:
```
	$defaultsrvgrp    # Add the service to the default service app group. Default True
	$apppoolname      # App Pool name . The app pool will be created.
	$servicename      # Service Name. Default : SQL Server Reporting Service Application
	$proxyname        # Proxy Name. Default : SQL Server Reporting Service Application Proxy
```
## Known issues
Please don't add a '/' after the WebApp URL and site url, if you do so AutoSpInstaller will throw an error and will not create the WebApp and site Coll. 

The User profile Service Application will be installed but the synchronisation will not work. You have to remove the UPA Service and create another one manually. (Puppet can't get back the control with infinite powershell start-process instance :(, so I have to disable this steps. ). (Don't forget to give Replicate Right to the sync user.)

License
-------
Apache License, Version 2.0

Contact
-------
[Jerome RIVIERE](https://github.com/ninja-2)

Support
-------
Please log tickets and issues at [Github site](https://github.com/insentia/windows_sharepoint/issues)

Commit message:

Update to 0.0.6
Fix use s-spexcelaccount instead of s-spusrprfaccount (enterprise
edition)

README.md, after:

windows_sharepoint

This is the windows_sharepoint module.

##Module Description

This module allow you to manage user and group in SharePoint 2013. Allow you to install and configure SharePoint 2013
You can found this module on the forge [jriviere/windows_sharepoint](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/jriviere/windows_sharepoint) or on [GitHub](https://github.com/insentia/windows_sharepoint)

This module use the [AutoSPInstaller Project](http://autospinstaller.codeplex.com/) to install and configure SharePoint. v3.96 (6 July 2014). This version have been modified to run with puppet.

All password will be automatically fill if you use Windows AD module and his XML file. The windows_ad module can be found in forge [jriviere/windows_ad](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/jriviere/windows_ad) or on [GitHub](https://github.com/insentia/windows_ad)

The account used for installing SharePoint must be Admin local at least on each server, and SQL sysdbo or at least have SQL DB Creator and security admin rights
Tested with :
	SharePoint Foundation 2013 SP1
	SharePoint Standard 2013 SP1
	SharePoint EnterPrise 2013 SP1

This module is only compatible with SharePoint 2013.
Only tested with puppet agent 3.6.2, Windows Server 2012 R2


##Last Fix/Update
V 0.0.6 :
 - Fix use s-spexcelaccount instead of s-spusrprfaccount (enterprise edition)
 
###Setup Requirements
Depends on the following modules:
	- ['puppetlabs/powershell', '>=1.0.2'](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppetlabs/powershell),
	- ['puppetlabs/stdlib', '>= 4.2.1'](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppetlabs/stdlib)

##Usage

##SharePointInstall
Class windows_sharepoint :
Permit installation of SharePoint

	class{'windows_sharepoint':
	  languagepackspath     => "C:\\source\\LanguagePacks",   # path where we are going to take the updates and put them in the correct folder for autospinstaller (not yet implemented)
	  updatespath    		=> "C:\\source\\Updates",         # path where we are going to take the extracted languagepacks and put them in the correct folder for autospinstaller. (Works)
	  sppath             	=> "C:\\source\\sharepoint.exe",  # path where we will find the exe file of sharepoint Foundation
	  dbserver           	=> "SQL_ALIAS",                   # the alias created by autospinstaller
	  dbaliasinstance 		=> "COMPUTERNAME",
	  setupaccountpassword  => "P@ssw0rd",
	  spfarmaccount         => "spfarm",
	  spapppoolaccount      => "spapppool",
	  spservicesaccount     => "spservices",
	  spsearchaccount       => "spsearch",
	  spcrawlaccount        => "spcrawl",
	  spsuperreaderaccount  => "spsuperreader",
	  spsuperuseraccount    => "spsuperuser",
	  spsyncaccount         => "spsyncaccount",                  # Mandatory with Standard and enterprise
	  spusrprfpassword      => "spusrprfaccount",                # Mandatory with Standard and enterprise
	  spexcelaccount        => "spexcelaccount",                 # Mandatory with enterprise
	  key                   => "SYOUR-PRODU-CTKEY-OFSPS-2012S",
	  passphrase            => "P@ssPhrase@2014",               #SharePoint Farm PassPhrase.Must be at least 8 charaters with upper character, lower character, numbers, specialcharacter (3 of this 4 categories)
	  webappurl             => "https://localhost",
	  applicationPool       => "Default AppPool",
	  webappname            => "WebApp",
	  webappport            => 443,
	  webappdatabasename    => "Default_ContentDB",
	  siteurl   		    => "https://localhost",
	  sitecolname  		    => "Home",
	  sitecollcid			=> "1033",
	  sitecollocale 		=> "en-us",
	  sitecolowner  		=> "spfarm",
	}

Parameters:
```
	$removedefaultwebapp         # If set to true this will delete the default created webapp
```
##webapplication
Ressource windows_sharepoint::webapplication :
Permit installation of SharePoint

	windows_sharepoint::webapplication{"default - $webappname":
	  url                    => "http://localhost",
	  applicationpoolname    => "AppPool_TestPuppet",
	  webappname             => "Test Puppet",
	  databasename           => "SP2013_Content_TestPuppet",
	  applicationpoolaccount => "s-spapppool",
	  ensure                 => present,
	  usessl                 => false,
	  webappport             => 6789,
	}

##user
Resource: windows_sharepoint::user

	windows_sharepoit{'SQLServer':
	  username   => "Jerome",
	  login      => 'jre',
	  group      => "SharePoint Owners",
	  weburl     => 'https://sharepoint/sites/jre',
	  admin      => true,
	}

Parameters:
```
	$username         # Fullname of the user
	$login            # SamAccountName
	$weburl           # URL of the site where we want to add user
	$group            # Group name where we want put the user
	$admin            # Is SiteColAdmin ? Default : false
```

##SP Group
Resource: windows_sharepoint::group

````
	windows_sharepoit{'SharePoint Owners':
	  group           => "SharePoint Owners",
	  weburl          => 'https://sharepoint/sites/jre',
	  permissionlevel => 'Full Control',
	  ownername       => 'jre',
	}
````
Parameters:
```
	$weburl           # URL of the site where we want to add user
	$group            # Group name where we want put the user
	$permissionlevel  # Permissions for the group Full Control|Edit|Contribute|Read|Design
	$ownername        # Owner of the group
	$description      # group description
```

##webapplication
Ressource windows_sharepoint::services::reporting :
Allow installation and configuration of SharePoint reporting service integrated mode
```
	windows_sharepoint::services::reporting{"Reporting":
	  databasename    => "ReportingServicesDB",
	  databaseserver  => "SQL_ALIAS",
	  serviceaccount  => "spservices",
	}
```
Parameters:
```
	$defaultsrvgrp    # Add the service to the default service app group. Default True
	$apppoolname      # App Pool name . The app pool will be created.
	$servicename      # Service Name. Default : SQL Server Reporting Service Application
	$proxyname        # Proxy Name. Default : SQL Server Reporting Service Application Proxy
```
## Known issues
Please don't add a '/' after the WebApp URL and site url, if you do so AutoSpInstaller will throw an error and will not create the WebApp and site Coll. 

The User profile Service Application will be installed but the synchronisation will not work. You have to remove the UPA Service and create another one manually. (Puppet can't get back the control with infinite powershell start-process instance :(, so I have to disable this steps. ). (Don't forget to give Replicate Right to the sync user.)

License
-------
Apache License, Version 2.0

Contact
-------
[Jerome RIVIERE](https://github.com/ninja-2)

Support
-------
Please log tickets and issues at [Github site](https://github.com/insentia/windows_sharepoint/issues)
